Sprint Planning

The Scrm Team gathers to discuss the work to be accomplished in the upcoming Sprint in the form of a Sprint Goal. Then, the development Team will determine how the work will be accomplished by creating a sufficiently detailed plan called the Sprint Backlog.


The Sprint Planning meeting is broken down into 2 Parts:
Explanation/discussion of what is going to be achieved and what can be achieved in the sprint time period
Discussion on how to achieve the sprint goal

The "What" - Set of PBI selected by the Development Team, accompanied by a short statement providing an objective for the Sprint - The Sprint Goal.

The "How" - PBI selected for this Sprint in additiona to the short range, detailed plan to deliver them - The Sprint Backlog

Goal:
Development Team discusses suggested PBI with Product Owner
Development Team selects PBI to accomplish in the upcoming Sprint
Development Team creates their plan, called the Sprint Backlog

Roster:
Development Team, Product Owner, Scrum Master, SMEs (optional)

Time-Box:
The length of the sprint will dictate how long a sprint planning meeting should take and it is the Scrum Master’s responsibility to keep the meeting on track and within the time limit.
Normally 2 to 4 hours; maximum of 8 hours for a 4-week Sprint

Frequency:
At the start of each Sprint

The Product Owner provides product backlog at the beginning of the meeting and gives an explanation of the objectives and items in the backlog.

The dev team will go up and move each item into the sprint from the product backlog. Items moved over should be completed during the sprint.The dev team decides which items can be reasonably completed during the sprint.
Each item moved into the sprint column should then be broken down into specific tasks and placed in the Sprint Backlog
Refined product backlog items are important for effective sprints. Any member of the dev team should be able to pick up a task and know exactly what is needed to complete the task and what constitutes “done” for the task.
During the breakdown of each sprint item into sprint backlog tasks the team may call in the product owner or scrum master to get clarification on expectations or further explanation of what an item means.
Product Owner, Scrum Master, and Dev Team need to agree on an overarching goal that will help maintain a cohesiveness.

<insert example of whiteboard with stickies>

Crafting the Sprint Goal

When crafting a Sprint Goal, the Scrum Team comes together for a few distinct conversations:

First, the Product Owner discusses the objective for the next Sprint should achieve and suggests a set of Product Backlog Items that would achieve it.

The Development Team then selects a number of these suggested items to accomplish in the upcoming Sprint. This selection is solely up to the members of the Development Team.

The Scrum Team as a whole then crafts a Sprint Goal, which is an objective (often one to two sentences) that will be met within the Sprint along with the set of selected Backlog Items.

Example: The PO can suggest PBIs but the development team does not have to accept all the PBIs and can choose which one they will complete with the given timeframe and difficulty.

Responsiblities
Product Owner:
Suggest a set of PBI for upcoming Sprint and discussess what the Sprint would achieve.
Collaborates with the Development Team on the crafting the Sprint Goal
Answers questions on selected PBI and makes trade-offs when needed
*Can only remove selected PBI*

Development Team:
Collaborates with Product Owner on crafting the Sprint Goal
Selects PBI from suggested items to complete in the upcoming Sprint
Creates a sufficiently detailed plan to accomplish the selected PBI called the Sprint Backlog
*Can add, remove, and modify items (PBI / tasks) at any time*

Scrum Master:
Creates an environment centered on collaboration and open communication
Ensures that the Sprint Goal is understood by teh Product Owner and Development Team
Facilitates the discussions that allow the Development Team create the Sprint Backlog as a group
*Can suggest missing items to fulfill the Definition of Done*


